Mary Kastner: Hey, Jennifer.
Mary Kastner: Hi.
Jennífer castro: Hi.
Mary Kastner: Hi, I'm so, so sorry for all the mess today.
Mary Kastner: Okay, they
Mary Kastner: They had they started this new post discharge.
Mary Kastner: Is that, can you just
Mary Kastner: It's a group, um,
Mary Kastner: Can you just wait just a second. I got to talk to somebody in and I'll come back to you.
Okay.
Jennífer castro: Try that looks like crap that's fine now.
Mary Kastner: Oh, okay. Just a second. I'm going to take you
Mary Kastner: off for a minute, and then I'll let you back in
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Sean
Mary Kastner: Hi, Sean.
Mary Kastner: Sean, you don't have your video on
Mary Kastner: Sean, can you hear me.
Mary Kastner: Sean
Mary Kastner: Hi, Sean.
Mary Kastner: Um, I just sent you a chat. I don't know if it's gonna go or not. But, um, I have I'm behind here because of how they structured it today.
Mary Kastner: So I wanted you to call back in at 1145 or else just wait in the waiting room but know that I'll be with you.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Mary Kastner: No problem. Okay, bye bye. What
Mary Kastner: Jennifer
Mary Kastner: Hello. Okay, so what they did is they started
Mary Kastner: They started a new group today and they put me in it without a blocking off my schedule. So I apologize. I don't know how long you've been waiting in the waiting room here.
Jennífer castro: 23 minutes
Jennífer castro: Or 30
Jennífer castro: Minutes or whatever.
Mary Kastner: Well, that's exactly what we don't want to have to happen. So I apologize, I, I kind of let them know I was done with the group, uh, but I didn't get a response. So I didn't get right into my zoom room here. So it's partially my fault.
Jennífer castro: I'm not tripping.
Mary Kastner: Take it my toe. Yeah, okay. So it's just like first meeting.
Jennífer castro: Yes, ma'am.
Mary Kastner: Oh, wow.
Jennífer castro: I don't know if you're doing the evaluation or what what are you
Mary Kastner: What kind. Yeah, we have to do an intake.
Mary Kastner: So anyway, why are you here.
Jennífer castro: And
Mary Kastner: We do for you.
Jennífer castro: I'm have drug addiction.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Jennífer castro: Now an addict. I'm also mathematic but I'm quitting one at a time, I guess, I don't know.
Jennífer castro: I've been
Jennífer castro: Given methods and how they
Jennífer castro: I just recently third doing heroin and when I did it. I went friggin hard
Mary Kastner: Okay, and went to last us to have math.
Yesterday,
Mary Kastner: Machine is a day usually
Jennífer castro: I know like two or three times a day. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Let me make sure that we're recording here.
Jennífer castro: Yeah, my
Jennífer castro: My doctor knows that to
Mary Kastner: Smoke two or three times a day.
Jennífer castro: Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I'm
Mary Kastner: In. When did you start the heroin.
Jennífer castro: Probably about two years ago.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and how are you using that
Jennífer castro: I was smoking it are smart enough
Mary Kastner: Okay, never IV.
Jennífer castro: I had a couple of times. But I enjoyed that way too much. It wasn't a good thing.
Mary Kastner: Okay, when's the last juice.
Jennífer castro: Oh, gosh.
Jennífer castro: About three weeks ago, I think I'm doing I'm on Suboxone so
Mary Kastner: Okay. Three weeks ago.
Mary Kastner: Yeah okay and who you on Suboxone with is that
Mary Kastner: A muffin. Okay. Dr. Jamison, okay.
Mary Kastner: And any other medications.
Jennífer castro: That that's all I'm on right now.
Mary Kastner: Like coming up.
Jennífer castro: Like medicine psych meds or some
Jennífer castro: Something like that, but that I guess for you and or the next therapist or whoever I talked to on third Facebook to
Mary Kastner: Ya know, it would be up to me. So how many films of Suboxone do you take a day.
Jennífer castro: Two and a half.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Um,
Mary Kastner: Any other medication.
Jennífer castro: I'm now I'm on me now.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Do you think you need psychiatric medication.
Jennífer castro: Well, I'm extremely Bipolar I don't, I don't know, I haven't been evaluated.
Jennífer castro: And a lot of years.
Jennífer castro: A long time
Mary Kastner: I okay what are your symptoms.
Jennífer castro: I, you know what, I'm one minute, I'm happy when when I'm sad. I mean, but if I go from hot to cold really quickly I can my emotional. I'm very emotional arm angry.
Jennífer castro: Right right now.
Mary Kastner: How are you sleeping.
Jennífer castro: I my sleep is not very good.
Jennífer castro: I have a lot of
Jennífer castro: Anxiety and it makes it hard for me to sleep. I guess I don't everything that goes on in my life is
Jennífer castro: A big deal like
Mary Kastner: How many hours you think you're good at night.
Jennífer castro: Maybe four to six.
Mary Kastner: Okay. On interrupted.
Jennífer castro: For probably
Mary Kastner: Say that
Mary Kastner: About four and four probably
Mary Kastner: What's your depression level like today 10 being the most depressed, you've ever made.
Jennífer castro: A okay well most depressed. I've ever been. I'm not at that point, but
Mary Kastner: But today, where is it it's 10 was almost
Jennífer castro: Probably, I don't know, like, three, four today. Today's been all I know right day I caught up and I was
Jennífer castro: Very active today.
Okay.
Jennífer castro: Like that is through the roof.
Mary Kastner: Really so
Jennífer castro: Yeah, I hate being around people. I can't
Jennífer castro: I feel very nervous. And I don't want to be around people. I can't talk to them. I don't get eye contact with them. I just
Mary Kastner: Okay, do you have any physical pain.
Jennífer castro: I'm just my filter.
Jennífer castro: But I heard that at work long a couple years ago so
Jennífer castro: What your pain level today.
Jennífer castro: 10 days.
Jennífer castro: Probably about five but
Mary Kastner: Like I said, My Folder your shoulder, shoulder
Jennífer castro: My left
Mary Kastner: And it was from a work injury.
Jennífer castro: Yeah. Well, not exactly. I'm a massage therapist, so
Jennífer castro: You know,
Oh,
Jennífer castro: Yeah, somebody. Yeah.
Jennífer castro: Deep tissue and you know my shoulder hurts.
Jennífer castro: Just everything about it.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so you have a history of being on lithium.
Jennífer castro: Um, well, that's that was probably when I turned 18 my mom took me and she committed not committed me but GOT ME ON A three Day or 72 hour thing.
Mary Kastner: And make
Jennífer castro: Them keep have them keep me there.
Jennífer castro: And so, yeah, that didn't work out for her.
Jennífer castro: I left, I met
Jennífer castro: Can you hear me.
Mary Kastner: Know, I can. Yeah, you said it.
Mary Kastner: didn't work out that you didn't stay more than 72 hours or
Jennífer castro: I laugh because I say my mom tried to have me say in there, I won't
Mary Kastner: Okay, we will you want to let him at that time.
Jennífer castro: That's when I put tried it on me when I was not there.
Jennífer castro: But that was it. I wasn't on it for
Mary Kastner: Very long so you don't really know. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And how about
Mary Kastner: The Abilify was that another one you tried
Jennífer castro: The bill find like the Pro. I take it together.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And that work for you.
Jennífer castro: It did, but I would I slept an awful lot like i mean i just not out for no reason. Bus stops, wherever. Okay, I
Mary Kastner: Like that.
Jennífer castro: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Linda says, well, beauty and Prozac.
Jennífer castro: Back. I was on that's most recent one. I was on. I don't know why they even
Jennífer castro: Put me on it. My mom. I'm not sure. My mom suggested it or or what, but I don't even know why they put
Jennífer castro: It. They put me on. I just know that I wasn't
Jennífer castro: Going really myself I was
Jennífer castro: wasn't working. And I had quit my job. I just pretty much gave up on everything I was. And so my mom took me back to the house, not my mom, my mother in law took me back to the hospital.
Jennífer castro: And that's that I saw.
Mary Kastner: So you didn't think that it worked.
Jennífer castro: I don't I don't I guess it did for the time being.
Jennífer castro: But I, I feel like I just did that to humor her to give her a reason or an excuse for my actions or the way that I was acting or acting
Jennífer castro: That's why I did that.
Okay.
Jennífer castro: But that I also wasn't ready to be clean and I wasn't ready to deal with my problems either
Mary Kastner: OK.
Jennífer castro: And now I am
Mary Kastner: You know you are
Jennífer castro: I'm willing to do what I need.
Mary Kastner: To do. Okay. It looks like you had a suicide attempt as a team.
Jennífer castro: As a hater. Yeah, that's fun.
Mary Kastner: Anything more than that. Any I
Jennífer castro: Know I did like
Jennífer castro: I said like kind of cut not really cut myself a pinch myself tell her.
Jennífer castro: Because I'd rather have physical pain and mental pain.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Soon sort of impulsive kind of
Jennífer castro: I pulled my hair out. I do stupid shit like that stuff like
Mary Kastner: Self injurious behavior, pulling
Mary Kastner: Hair cutting okay inching. It looks like. The other thing you mentioned was Wellbutrin. How did that work.
Jennífer castro: Well, I think I was quitting smoking and all this at one time.
I was going to try and put
Jennífer castro: And I don't think it worked. I think I was, I think that's the one that I was suicidal on or that's what my mom said that I was just, I was had a mission and it was like
Jennífer castro: Wasn't a good one. Oh.
Jennífer castro: I don't know. I don't honestly I don't know how I would think that I was on drugs.
Jennífer castro: Built in
Jennífer castro: Okay, my mom word
Though I on. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So what are the main symptoms right now that are bothering you.
Jennífer castro: Oh my gosh, I don't like myself, I'm very anxious, they don't
Jennífer castro: And
Jennífer castro: I'm Bob myself or I sleep myself.
Jennífer castro: I don't want to
Mary Kastner: Isolation
Jennífer castro: Yeah, and I'm
Mary Kastner: Being around
Jennífer castro: And I'm in my head.
Jennífer castro: So much so much I'm beating myself up in my head.
Mary Kastner: Much thinking. And it's true. She self derogatory
Jennífer castro: Yes, negative two.
Jennífer castro: Okay, I don't think like my positivity level on myself myself schema or any of that none of it is
Mary Kastner: OK, sort of obsessional around your thoughts around that does that keep you awake.
Mary Kastner: Keep getting to sleep.
Jennífer castro: Yes it that I worry about
Mary Kastner: Okay. Any thoughts to hurt yourself. No.
Jennífer castro: No, not right now.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So I'm going to talk a little bit to the transcriptionist okay
Mary Kastner: In front of us, so that you can correctly.
Mary Kastner: This is Jennifer Castro, um,
Mary Kastner: She had a BHA Jason P on to 27 I think by Dr. Jamison um she had an appointment with me on 323 that she missed in today's four seven. So we're kind of catching up.
Mary Kastner: To 13 she had a pH q nine that was serious severe depression score of 223
Mary Kastner: Audit see was to Destin was nine. You could also recorder. Bam.
Mary Kastner: You have a history of being in residential treatment.
Jennífer castro: I've got it for program. I've got three time
Mary Kastner: Okay, and no three times a residential and one time as psycho civilization so many to our whole when she was 18 any other psychotic patients.
Jennífer castro: Why wouldn't work right after I got married seven years ago.
Jennífer castro: Okay, they get another one that doctors hospital.
Mary Kastner: And that were
Jennífer castro: Walk with hospital.
Okay.
Jennífer castro: I ran to my dad who had left the
Jennífer castro: Major
Mary Kastner: Issues.
Mary Kastner: Of self injurious impulsive kind of behavior of
Mary Kastner: Pinching cutting herself and pulling her hair.
Mary Kastner: Her depression is rated three to four out of 10 anxiety 10 out of 10 pain five out of 10 she doesn't feel like herself. She's anxious, she's she doesn't like the isolating. She just can't stand
Mary Kastner: To be in nervous when she's around people, and she feels like she has obsessive or too much thinking that is self derogatory. She has a history of being diagnosed bipolar with trials of lithium very short no therapeutic trial Abilify which you said
Mary Kastner: Major sleepy, even with Lexapro Wellbutrin made you feel suicidal and Prozac was the most recent
Mary Kastner: And you're not really sure that it was helpful.
I don't know.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I'm her cures was done 316
Mary Kastner: Saying that you were on Suboxone
Mary Kastner: And you got a four day supply at that time, I think, and you were taking five a day. So maybe that was a different strength.
Jennífer castro: Oh, that's when I was on the pills, I believe.
Mary Kastner: Just to buprenorphine.
Mary Kastner: No gap. Okay, and you have trouble staying asleep. So maybe four hours of sleep, at most, little anxious depressing no motivation. Is that correct,
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okay, so, um,
Mary Kastner: But I'll status exam today is you are on time, though very patiently waited for me. God bless you.
Mary Kastner: And had to be rearranged in the schedule which I apologize for
Mary Kastner: So you're outside right now. I can't see very well.
Jennífer castro: Right now I'm in a tent, because I have there's people in the house and
Mary Kastner: OK.
Jennífer castro: Ok private place I could be out right now.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so can you use the housing. Use a shower and
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Okay. Are you able to get in the shower kind of take care of yourself. Get dressed shower yourself all that
Jennífer castro: Oh yeah, for sure. I could do that, but I won't get dressed.
Mary Kastner: And, you know, today's date.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Jennífer castro: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your memory.
Jennífer castro: pretty slow thinking. Sometimes I don't know.
Mary Kastner: Slow, Thinking
Jennífer castro: And I don't. My reaction or my responses on as quick as they be like
Mary Kastner: Are you able to
Mary Kastner: Like read a book or finish a movie or
Mary Kastner: Concentrate long enough to do that.
Jennífer castro: I'm sorry, I didn't hear you.
Mary Kastner: Can you concentrate and focus to, like, read a book or watch a movie or TV show.
Jennífer castro: No I don't read book I've been trying
Jennífer castro: I've been trying to get it like TV movie this something
Jennífer castro: I can't sit through a whole movie now.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so some focus and attention issues and sitting still, to them. In fact, we already talked about your more anxious and depressed.
Mary Kastner: And your effect.
Mary Kastner: Is congruent.
Mary Kastner: Your speech weight and volume coherent normal thought presses appropriate no normal content logical non tangential you ever have any psychotic symptoms, where you know like you feel a little paranoid, or you hear things see things
Jennífer castro: Well, I get paranoid. I think that's why I don't go. You think that anymore. I don't go outside.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay, some care, I don't
Jennífer castro: I don't like
Jennífer castro: To be around people, you know,
Mary Kastner: Book I can read your thoughts. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: I do. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So some ideas of
Mary Kastner: Thought insertion
Mary Kastner: How about TV having special messages.
Jennífer castro: I don't really watch TV. I learned a long time ago. Don't want not to watch news.
Jennífer castro: Crying and all that.
Jennífer castro: I just don't really
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Do you ever feel like you're hearing things
Jennífer castro: By myself. Yeah.
Jennífer castro: I'm not sure. I don't know.
Mary Kastner: What if you do hear things. Is it like self.
Jennífer castro: Putting yourself down. Yeah, maybe. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, some self derogatory obsessional thinking, yeah insight and self reflection. Today's issues are noted as adequate. Do you have any
Mary Kastner: Current fiscal issues going on, runny nose, fever, cough trouble breathing.
Mary Kastner: Okay, in medical history. How would you describe your medical history, are you able to do you have you ever had head trauma.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay.
Jennífer castro: Well,
Mary Kastner: Or had
Jennífer castro: I had one
Jennífer castro: I had one that I could speak up. And that's because I was drinking and I had to. They had strobe light. It was really hot in the phone a room, and that's what happened. I've never had one said
Mary Kastner: Okay, do you have an issue with alcohol.
Jennífer castro: Now, I don't
Jennífer castro: I like to break but I know I should any other substances other than the ones you mentioned methamphetamine heroin.
Jennífer castro: I was doing inhalants I was
Mary Kastner: inhalants. Okay. When was your last use of that.
Jennífer castro: No weeks ago I got a couple weeks ago.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any trouble with
Mary Kastner: any use of marijuana
Mary Kastner: Benzodiazepines pills.
Jennífer castro: All right, Danny.
Mary Kastner: And you get it on prescribed no
Mary Kastner: No, it's always described
Jennífer castro: Oh, it's perfect. You're right. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, when you do not check it other than as prescribed.
Jennífer castro: Know, kind of abuse that every time.
Jennífer castro: When
Jennífer castro: I haven't been there a couple of times. I'm not gonna lie to you.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay. And any
Mary Kastner: Are you using nicotine in any way.
Jennífer castro: Yeah, I've been smoking since I was 13 years old.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and how much are you smoking.
Mary Kastner: A PACK A DAY.
Mary Kastner: Just trying to get out move my screen around a little bit here so I can do what I want to do.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Any other like hallucinogens
Jennífer castro: Not recently, I guess.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: So you had one seizure. Are you bothered by headaches.
Jennífer castro: No. Well, I think the tension headaches, like the last episode a lot but like a lot of tension in my neck and shoulders. So yes, I happen.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and what do you do to relieve it
Jennífer castro: I try to stretch, stretch. That's it.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, good.
Mary Kastner: Good idea. Okay, any trouble with your vision. Are you hearing
Jennífer castro: I can't be close to me. And sometimes I feel like my ears are, but I don't know. I think he needs to be cleaned or something.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so some difficulty with hearing at times, but your vision is. Okay.
Jennífer castro: No, I can't, I can't see up close. I could be far away, but I can't do
Jennífer castro: All
Jennífer castro: I could see, but I can't bring
Mary Kastner: Your cited. Okay. Um, so tell me, do you have any trouble with your teeth or your gums are
Jennífer castro: Difficult. Slowly I have
Jennífer castro: All my back teeth are gone, except the current one. Oh.
Jennífer castro: Okay, good. And kind of the key for me.
Mary Kastner: Is it is it difficult to to
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your nose.
Jennífer castro: My, do you mean
Jennífer castro: What do you mean like
Jennífer castro: Really not
Jennífer castro: Yeah, no, not
Mary Kastner: At the ever
Mary Kastner: snorted things
Jennífer castro: Yeah, no. Oh, I did, but I didn't like it. And what I did and he had would start everything and I go up one side and come out the other. So
Mary Kastner: Okay, let me just tell this gentleman. I didn't realize you were an intake for me and it's going to take a little bit longer, be right back with you.
Mary Kastner: So Sean
Mary Kastner: Sean
Mary Kastner: Hi, Sean, I didn't realize this lady was an intake. So can you give me another
Shawn Lewis: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I'm so sorry.
Mary Kastner: Okay, thank you.
Mary Kastner: Jennifer
Mary Kastner: Jennifer. Hi. Um, do you have any difficulty than you said difficulty chewing, but do you have any appliances for your mouth.
Jennífer castro: No, I don't.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: As far far as we were talking about your nose when I left off. Sometimes if you've snorted things there can be trouble with your nasal septum. When's the last time you had a medical exam.
Jennífer castro: I don't know. Well, no, I was just in the hospital, about a month ago.
Okay.
Jennífer castro: Because I had pneumonia. I was good enough for nine days to get
Pneumonia
Jennífer castro: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: You get frequent pneumonia.
Jennífer castro: No, that was on it the second time I've ever gotten one. Yeah. That was after that they're not
Mary Kastner: Okay. Any trouble breathing now.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so they may have looked at your nose at that time, but
Mary Kastner: That's what we're concerned about. If you've used any snorting kind of things.
My
Mary Kastner: Septum
Jennífer castro: Hotmail, or whatever, years ago, but I don't think that affect me now.
Mary Kastner: Okay, nice job with your stomach GERD heartburn hemorrhoids.
Jennífer castro: No, but I do consecrate myself. I don't go to the bathroom but maybe once
Jennífer castro: Every 10 days. Oh.
Jennífer castro: Good, very good.
Mary Kastner: We can give you something for that.
Mary Kastner: It's called me relax problem with opioids, is that it pulls the water out of your ball.
Jennífer castro: Oh, but i've been i've been like this right as long as I can remember that those are the two that I guess.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so anyway.
Mary Kastner: Put a tablespoon eight ounces of cold, cold water. Drink it.
Mary Kastner: If it causes cramping, you can lower it put it, you know, teaspoon instead of a tablespoon. But that'll help you
Jennífer castro: What is it called
Mary Kastner: Near lax
Jennífer castro: Prescription or
Mary Kastner: No, you can get it over the counter.
Mary Kastner: I can also order it as a prescription
Mary Kastner: And then, you know, maybe that'll help you purchase it. I'll be glad to do that.
Mary Kastner: So any trouble with hurting is or kidney disease or
Jennífer castro: I had kidney stones last year.
Okay.
Jennífer castro: What's that I painted and everything.
Mary Kastner: How you doing with that now.
Jennífer castro: So far, I haven't had any since I was in hospital for that.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And you get frequent urinary tract infections.
Jennífer castro: I do. Yes, I do.
Mary Kastner: Okay, you have any trouble with your bones, other than your shoulder.
No.
Mary Kastner: Scam
Mary Kastner: You travel with your skin.
Jennífer castro: When I scan for the yellow. I know like
Jennífer castro: I don't know. I don't like it. It's not healthy.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your thyroid or diabetes.
Jennífer castro: No, I don't have the one, as far as I know.
Mary Kastner: Anemia is have you had a history of cancer.
Mary Kastner: No history of STDs HIV, hepatitis.
Mary Kastner: more regular basis. Okay. Um, how many children do you have
Jennífer castro: Biologically, I have two
Mary Kastner: Okay. And how many times have you been pregnant.
Or
Mary Kastner: Okay, so two miscarriages or abortions.
Jennífer castro: Well, when I was 15 I had a stillborn I when I was six foot or almost six months pregnant.
Jennífer castro: I wouldn't put my gosh, I'm in the babies, they could find a baby's heartbeat and babies got already
Mary Kastner: Okay, I just lost my picture of you. I don't know what happened to it.
Mary Kastner: Here it is.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Why it won't let me.
Mary Kastner: Minimize this
Mary Kastner: There we go. But it's a weird way of minimizing it
Jennífer castro: I'm plugging my phone in
Jennífer castro: It don't die on you.
Jennífer castro: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Just won't let me do it for some reason. But anyway, um,
Mary Kastner: Do you have any tremors.
Jennífer castro: What are though.
Mary Kastner: We put your hands out in your hands shake
Jennífer castro: Oh yeah, bad
Jennífer castro: My bad.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And you have some chronic pain in your shoulder.
Jennífer castro: Not that that's what it was. But it for
My hand.
Mary Kastner: And as you are massage therapist by history.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Jennífer castro: Before
Jennífer castro: You beat me. Notice the net.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, are you still working.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And have you had any surgeries.
Jennífer castro: I have my gallbladder.
Jennífer castro: Reason.
Mary Kastner: Say that again. I like
Jennífer castro: My April I had
Jennífer castro: Friends so bad that my pendant or my yeah my candidate has overstretch I kept Bree Bree spraying unit. So they went in there. Double at my pendant over my ankle.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so you had ankle surgery gallbladder surgery and
Mary Kastner: Any other surgeries.
Jennífer castro: I don't know.
Jennífer castro: Their oil.
Mary Kastner: oil out of my I can't hear that. What did you say
Jennífer castro: Oil.
Mary Kastner: Oil okay Lansing piercing of a boil. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, um,
Mary Kastner: Where were you born and raised.
Jennífer castro: In Tracy, California.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And then, where'd you finish high school
Jennífer castro: I finished high school in California.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and post hospital or post high school training.
Jennífer castro: What does that mean,
Mary Kastner: Did you go to school after high school
Jennífer castro: Right away, yes. I went to Boston read
On technical
Mary Kastner: It's a way
Jennífer castro: pharm tech. I was a farm tech
Mary Kastner: Pharmacy tech and did you finish that
Jennífer castro: I finished it, and I want to build for a little while and I didn't like it.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And then what did you do
Jennífer castro: Then I worked for my, my grandmother warehouse and truck driving company on and off.
Jennífer castro: Okay, here, and then in 2011 I go to therapy school
Mary Kastner: Wonderful and then have you been in practice for a while.
Jennífer castro: I was doing it for eight years my quick last year.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and so are you. Unemployed right now.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and
Mary Kastner: Are you living alone.
Jennífer castro: Now I live with my mom and my sister and her girlfriend.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And are your children close by.
Jennífer castro: My kids one lives in Stockton, which is about 40 minutes away from me with my grandkids and his wife.
Jennífer castro: My two youngest flip here in Modesto, they're close to me, but I don't see it more, my youngest son. He works out of town.
Jennífer castro: Five days a week and then I don't see him very rarely anymore and middle fun I
Jennífer castro: I don't. I mean, I was really, really close to him and I can see, had his son, and he's got a family. I don't get the third month so
Mary Kastner: Okay. And how did you relationship with your mother and sister.
Jennífer castro: My mom and my bill pay for this fight Street Mall I okay lady I live with is my ex boyfriend mom and we were together when I was 21 tell for like five years old.
Jennífer castro: She's the person that woman I respect as my mother. Like, that's who I am, my mom. My mom and
Jennífer castro: My mom and I did not have a good
Mary Kastner: Okay, but the person you're living with my ex is he have a relationship with her.
Jennífer castro: Wall and then his sister, and
Mary Kastner: Her partner.
Jennífer castro: Yes, ma'am.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Um, you have them.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Any other things. Are you having any legal issues.
Jennífer castro: Right now I'm fighting a case for drug possession
Mary Kastner: Right. No, you're wet.
Eyed indicate
Mary Kastner: You're fighting something I can't hear the risk
Jennífer castro: For drug
Jennífer castro: Right.
Jennífer castro: What is it called where you have drug possession of drugs.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so you do have a charge against you, that you're working with the koertzen
Mary Kastner: Any history of military
Mary Kastner: Well, okay.
Mary Kastner: And you said you currently use cigarettes and how much, how much cigarettes.
Well,
Jennífer castro: Reports of attack the thing. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okey dokey. Um, any family history of mental illness or addiction.
Jennífer castro: Addiction, very much. I didn't know my biological father. I couldn't tell you there was a I'm pretty sure that there was excited that I'm not, I don't know firsthand.
Jennífer castro: I've just been
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: In your mother.
Jennífer castro: My mother. I'm not sure if there's some. I'm not sure. I don't think so. Not that I'm aware of. We do have some like
Jennífer castro: Have a cousin that mentally or did or whatever. But all addict. We've all been attics, my mom. It was a drug addict, most of my life I stepped up with a drug addict or my step dad. My mom had five husbands. Last one. And then the longest planet.
Mary Kastner: And do you have any medical any allergies.
Jennífer castro: I'm not there anymore.
Mary Kastner: Okay, just to food, medicine or seasonal allergies.
Jennífer castro: What I'm aware.
Mary Kastner: Okay, good.
Mary Kastner: Okay so diagnoses.
Mary Kastner: It's opioid use disorder on
Mary Kastner: agonist therapy.
Mary Kastner: Nicotine use disorder severe. Do you want any help with that.
Jennífer castro: Well, I would like to get it. I would like help without really came together and live life on track.
Mary Kastner: Okay, you could talk to Dr. Jamison and see if she wants to order you some either nicotine patch or gun.
Mary Kastner: And also there is Shan tech. So once we get your mood.
Mary Kastner: Situated
Mary Kastner: And I lost my camera again. I don't know.
Mary Kastner: Why, my Zoom is doing this to me.
Mary Kastner: There we go.
Mary Kastner: Um, so once we get your mood settled. I'll be glad to try some Chantix with you or in the meantime, you could ask her for some nicotine patches or gun.
Mary Kastner: I'm the Wellbutrin you were on for
Mary Kastner: Smoking before classes through Seidel ideation. So I wouldn't use that
Mary Kastner: So I would say that
Mary Kastner: I would say more that you have a what we call cycle of time. Yeah, it's a persistent mood disorder. I wouldn't call you full bipolar.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Um, and
Mary Kastner: One of the best antidepressants, although you find yourself more anxious
Mary Kastner: So we might want to try something like
Mary Kastner: Lamictal.
Jennífer castro: What is that
Mary Kastner: It's a banana consultant that we use in psychiatry for mood stabilization.
Jennífer castro: Or that looks like yeah I remember that.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, and the danger with it. Is it like aspirin can cause a Stevens Johnson syndrome.
Mary Kastner: Which is a rash. Usually, it starts more in the extremities, sort of like chicken pox.
Mary Kastner: The danger is it can be internal and then therefore life threatening. So you have to go very slow with how you take it and you can't miss doses.
Mary Kastner: So you would probably want to get up to, I would say at least 150 milligrams, but you would increase by 25 every two weeks to get to that point.
Jennífer castro: Okay, but there's something that's not so
Mary Kastner: Dangerous yeah um
Mary Kastner: Die Bell Pro X is another and a consultant
Mary Kastner: Can make you sleepy, which is why I didn't choose that at first because you didn't like that with Abilify I'm in can cause weight gain.
Jennífer castro: I've lost like 25 pounds in the last six weeks.
Mary Kastner: Okay. That would be another target symptom is that because you just don't have an appetite.
Jennífer castro: Don't want I don't need. I don't want to be around. I don't know what
Mary Kastner: Are you able to prepare food. Yes.
Jennífer castro: Sir, yeah. Yeah.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: So,
Mary Kastner: What do you think you and try to dive out Pro X or do you want to. There's another an A.
Mary Kastner: Major tranquilizer like Abilify that
Mary Kastner: more helpful with depression that we could try. It's called let
Jennífer castro: Somebody told me about the x and the commercial for that.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: Well, that's another possibility.
Jennífer castro: Whatever you think's best, I guess.
Jennífer castro: First one that you told me kind of scared me.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay I don't blame you. I'm in the lithium, you know, you never really had a full trial of that. However, I don't think that would be my first choice.
Mary Kastner: So let's let's go with the lead to de
Mary Kastner: The way you start to de is
Mary Kastner: It like I said it's an major tranquilizer. Um,
Mary Kastner: me get rid of this. I didn't mean to put that in there.
Mary Kastner: So we would start with 20 milligrams. If that doesn't do anything. We can go up to 120 milligrams, um,
Mary Kastner: You need to see me in two weeks after you start this
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Are you going to dr jamison's group.
Borrow
Mary Kastner: Another way you can see me is
Mary Kastner: Health group on Mondays at seven.
Mary Kastner: Welcome to come to that you check in at 645 I'm in there once a month, I'm in there next Monday.
Mary Kastner: What pharmacy do use
Jennífer castro: Walgreens on hat road in theory. Well, I usually use the one in Modesto, but I'm gonna use the one and catch because it's closer to be now.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and what's, what's the address again.
Jennífer castro: Oh, it's, I don't know the dress. Be honest. I just know on. Wait, let me see if I can bring
Jennífer castro: My mom bottle. Hang on.
Jennífer castro: Sister, can you read this.
Jennífer castro: One is, what's that I need the pharmacy address for Walgreens pharmacy everything. Yes. On the phone have Jamie
Jennífer castro: Jamie read that.
Jennífer castro: On the bottom Martha's Walgreens.
Jennífer castro: He kept road.
Mary Kastner: You
Jennífer castro: Have road.
Mary Kastner: Hop H. O. P. P.
Jennífer castro: No wait, ay,
Jennífer castro: Ay,
Jennífer castro: Ay, ay, ay,
Jennífer castro: Te CH. I mean, catch like
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Let me get that from you in a minute.
Thank you.
Mary Kastner: What's the zip code.
Jennífer castro: The code what zip code.
Mary Kastner: 953-519-5351. Let me see if I can get it here.
Jennífer castro: Everything back
Jennífer castro: OK.
Mary Kastner: OK, Walgreens nine or 553915539 not five
Jennífer castro: No, but I have a backward
Mary Kastner: 55351 or 919535351 okay
Mary Kastner: And I have one on hatch road and when I'm paradise.
Mary Kastner: Road Ahead short. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okey dokey. We got it in for you and I'll order the mirror lacks to okay
Mary Kastner: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Mary Kastner: Then I'll see you in two weeks.
Jennífer castro: Okay, if not Monday.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, and and like I said, if you want. Eventually when we get your mood stabilizers, we can add Chantix. But in the meantime, ask Dr. Jamison regarding
Mary Kastner: nicotine replacement and start to lower your dose, because that's actually what's going to kill you, not, not the opioids. It's more important as far as trying to get you off at app.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Jennífer castro: All right, thank you for your time.
Mary Kastner: Oh, you're welcome. And thank you for all the hassles putting up with all the apple. I'm so sorry.
Jennífer castro: I mean, if you're doing all this on the phone, you know, so
Jennífer castro: Yeah, what I mean. So it's
Mary Kastner: It's not usually this disruptive, believe me.
Jennífer castro: Have a great day.
Mary Kastner: You take care bye bye
Mary Kastner: Shine.
Mary Kastner: high shine. We made it.
Mary Kastner: It's usually not this crazy, believe me.
Mary Kastner: It's just been a wild day because we started a new group and they put me in it as a provider and
Mary Kastner: So, uh, you know, I had patients scheduled and it got all mixed up.
Shawn Lewis: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so I apologize.
Mary Kastner: So anyway, this is our first meeting. Do you have your video one
Shawn Lewis: Sorry.
Shawn Lewis: Okay, sorry about that.
Mary Kastner: Let me just get in this one prescription and I'll be with you.
Mary Kastner: So is this our first meeting.
Shawn Lewis: No.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: For sick. Are you sure it's not
Shawn Lewis: You. We met yesterday.
Mary Kastner: Oh yeah, that's right. Sean I do remember. Okay. How are you doing,
Shawn Lewis: Tonight.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I bet it has. Um, so let me just get up the withdrawal scale here and I'll
Mary Kastner: Be right with you.
Mary Kastner: When's the last time you had any opiate
Shawn Lewis: Yesterday morning
Shawn Lewis: Early in the morning.
Mary Kastner: Yesterday morning. Yeah. Okay, so you evolve. People didn't need to go through all this today. So I really apologize.
Mary Kastner: No, it isn't. I don't like it.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so are you having any runny nose.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Are you feeling tearful or having any tears.
Shawn Lewis: It's like sneezing attack things
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Um,
Mary Kastner: Can you take your pulse for me. Do you know how to do that.
Shawn Lewis: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: I can time it for you if you'd like.
Mary Kastner: I have a timer here. So, do you know how to get it on your on your wrist.
Shawn Lewis: Yeah, I'm trying to do right now can
Mary Kastner: You tell me when you're ready.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, start
Mary Kastner: Stop. Would you get
Shawn Lewis: Working on
Mary Kastner: Okay, so it's 98 and
Shawn Lewis: You go to bed.
Mary Kastner: It's neither it's just kind of a measure of where you are today.
Mary Kastner: Are you sweating a lot
Shawn Lewis: Yeah.
Okay.
Shawn Lewis: Cool, cool.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay.
Mary Kastner: So you're having chills.
Mary Kastner: Are you feeling restless.
Shawn Lewis: Yeah, I just can't get comfortable.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Can you get kind of close to the screen so I can see your pupils.
Mary Kastner: Open your eyes. Nice and wine.
Mary Kastner: Know really wide and look straight. Okay, thank you.
Mary Kastner: I would say the pupil size or
Mary Kastner: A perfect appropriate for room light almost
Mary Kastner: Almost not dilated
Mary Kastner: And you said the last use was yesterday morning pretty early. Are you having any pain.
Shawn Lewis: Yeah yeah my pains. Pretty bad today.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Where would you put it as far as 10 being the worst you've ever had.
Shawn Lewis: Like a six.
Shawn Lewis: On six about to seek
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And he said, runny nose.
Mary Kastner: Any stomach upset cramps loose stool diarrhea.
Shawn Lewis: Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Do
Mary Kastner: You've had diarrhea.
Shawn Lewis: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And can you put your arms straight out so I can see him.
Mary Kastner: You know, like straight up. Good. Okay. Perfect. Perfect. Okay, thank you.
Mary Kastner: Absence of tremor.
Mary Kastner: Pupils that would be zero.
Mary Kastner: Yawning a lot
Shawn Lewis: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Do you feel like you're I'm
Mary Kastner: Very anxious
Shawn Lewis: Yeah, I got like a
Mary Kastner: Lady today. Okay, we're saying yesterday.
Shawn Lewis: Yeah.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Any goose bumps on your on your arm.
Shawn Lewis: When it also kind of comes and goes.
Mary Kastner: Away. Okay. Okay.
Shawn Lewis: Well with the sweat kills
Mary Kastner: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So I would put your cows score at
Mary Kastner: At 14
Mary Kastner: Which is
Mary Kastner: Moderate and so have you been, you told me you'd been on Suboxone before
Shawn Lewis: Yeah, yeah, long time ago.
Okay.
Shawn Lewis: Like
Mary Kastner: Okay. That's right. Now remember now.
Mary Kastner: So, um, I don't have a problem with starting you on Suboxone if you had used sooner or your score was lower I would just give you an orphan because it can put you in what we call here you go with your yawning.
Mary Kastner: It can put you in a precipitous withdraw, which is not fun. So
Mary Kastner: But let's try this Suboxone it has no locks on with it.
Mary Kastner: Like I told you the other day, the most in the first day you can take it 16 milligrams. So I'm going to give you two strips for each day.
Mary Kastner: So this is Tuesday and Wednesday. If the symptoms don't subside or especially your pain.
Mary Kastner: Thursday, you can go up to three strips.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Monday, I want to see you in group at four.
Shawn Lewis: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So you check in at 345 and we're not going to have all this mess with time and waiting room that we had today, which I apologize for, um,
Mary Kastner: Any thoughts of about what I just said.
Shawn Lewis: I'm
Shawn Lewis: Going to send me an email with the group information and stuff.
Mary Kastner: You call into the front desk.
Mary Kastner: And they are going to
Mary Kastner: They're going to
Mary Kastner: Tell you how to get into the room for the group because the group room changes every day.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so I can't tell you that I'm
Mary Kastner: Okay, do you have a locks on rescue kit.
Shawn Lewis: No, ma'am.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I'm going to order that
Mary Kastner: You know how to use it.
Shawn Lewis: No man, I've never heard of it.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I'm going to ask the pharmacist to tell you
Mary Kastner: Anybody that's on an opiate should have one
Mary Kastner: You're the first person I've seen him withdraw that's yawning like that. I think that's a good sign.
Mary Kastner: So basically what it is. It's a nasal spray and, you know, if you've overdose, you are not able to administer that to yourself because you're out. So the best thing for you to do is to teach somebody how to use it.
Mary Kastner: So somebody that you see frequently needs to know how to use it, they will show you how to do it at the pharmacy, but it's basically spraying into the nose. Okay.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And it's not going to be any good if you don't teach somebody
Mary Kastner: In the pharmacy uses on Missouri flat.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so I'm sending this now.
Mary Kastner: You pronounce buprenorphine. The. I don't know if you remember, but what we give us his film.
Mary Kastner: Um, so you would
Mary Kastner: You would make sure your mouth is nice and wet, you know, maybe have a drink or so before you take it. I'm
Mary Kastner: Place it under your tongue.
Mary Kastner: Don't talk drink. Eat smoke.
Mary Kastner: until it is fully dissolved
Shawn Lewis: Out you
Mary Kastner: Know, it'll just dissolve in your mouth.
Shawn Lewis: And swallow it.
Mary Kastner: No.
Mary Kastner: It has to stay under your tongue.
Mary Kastner: Until it is dissolved. Okay.
Mary Kastner: If you swallow it not gonna do anything. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So I'm gonna say for two days.
Mary Kastner: You can take one twice a day as needed.
Mary Kastner: For with draw symptoms.
Mary Kastner: May increase
Mary Kastner: To
Mary Kastner: Three times a day.
Mary Kastner: If you need to, if you don't don't increase it.
Mary Kastner: So to four.
Mary Kastner: Will get us to Wednesday and then 12345 times 315. So I'm going to give you 20
Mary Kastner: And I'll see you that afternoon Monday.
Okay.
Shawn Lewis: Thank you.
Mary Kastner: You're welcome. You're good, you're doing well no thoughts to hurt yourself.
Mary Kastner: No man focus and concentration in today's session seem pretty good.
Mary Kastner: Of course you're in withdrawal. So you have all these symptoms of high pulse wedding chills restlessness.
Mary Kastner: pain, diarrhea and GI cramping yawning.
Mary Kastner: Anxiety some
Mary Kastner: goosebumps. I forget the technical word for that.
Mary Kastner: Okay, this is going to go in and again I thank you for your enduring patience. It's sorry that evolved people this had to happen to you because you don't feel good.
Shawn Lewis: Thank you, me,
Mary Kastner: And you know something, Sean. It's going to get better real quick.
Mary Kastner: Um, and that's a good part of this, and I really appreciate you following directions with the withdraw. So I could help you today. Yes, ma'am.
Mary Kastner: So I'll see you on Monday. Okay. Okay. God bless.
Thank you.
Mary Kastner: You're welcome.
Mary Kastner: Bye bye.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so that was strong Lewis, um, he is returned patient for buprenorphine induction cows symptoms were as I recorded. He's in moderate withdraw.
Mary Kastner: He has no suicidal ideation his focus and concentration were good in today's session and mood, of course, highly anxious. So, uh, otherwise normal mo mental status exam in our iOS.
Mary Kastner: So the diagnosis is opioid dependence severe her opioid use disorder severe
Mary Kastner: Plan is to limit craving begin abstinence
Mary Kastner: Increased comfort.
Mary Kastner: And we're going to start them on buprenorphine eight to film SL be ID for two days increase to tip of necessary.
Mary Kastner: Thereafter, and order him and the locks own rescue spray to be instructed for use by the pharmacist and for him to teach a significant other. Okay, that's the end. And I will see him in group on Monday at 4pm that's the end. And I thank you so